MNM documentation update for Birthday Week 2024! Let's Go! (#17044)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/magic-network-monitoring/index.mdx

head:
  - tag: title
    content: Cloudflare Magic Network Monitoring
---

import {
	CardGrid,
	Description,
	Feature,
	GlossaryTooltip,
	LinkTitleCard,
	Plan,
	RelatedProduct,
} from "~/components";

<Description>

Improve your network visibility and detect DDoS attacks based on traffic flows.

</Description>

<Plan type="all" />

Magic Network Monitoring provides visibility into your network traffic by analyzing network <GlossaryTooltip term="flow data">flow data</GlossaryTooltip> sent from a customer’s routers. Magic Network Monitoring supports NetFlow v5, NetFlow v9, IPFIX, and sFlow.

> Magic Network Monitoring is generally available to everyone with a Cloudflare account by default. You can login to your Cloudflare dashboard, select your account, then go to **Analytics & Logs** > **Magic Monitoring** to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Magic Network Monitoring is generally available to everyone with a Cloudflare account by default. You can log in to your Cloudflare dashboard, select your account, then go to **Analytics & Logs** > **Magic Monitoring** to get started.
```
